About Statement

[LinkedIn]

I'm a geek and problem-solver who enjoys diving into technology and working with customers. I strive to apply the right technology to create the solution a client needs by listening to what they want.

Learning is not just a way of keeping up with what is going on, but the gateway to getting ahead. I value the knowledge that I gain because it allows me to create better products.

[Resume]

A Software Engineer with experience in full stack web development, object-oriented design, UI/UX design, application development, deployment, and algorithms. Quick learner with an eye for detail and a passion for creating user-friendly, elegant solutions. Experience building software for environments ranging from large enterprises to small businesses.

[Website]

I love to solve problems. Big or small, creating solutions gets me out of bed in the morning.

I have always found that there is more knowledge to gain in the coding process. Even when problems look the same, there are differences that provide learning experiences. It is always a good day when you gain a little more insight.

============================================================

R+E Cycles experience

[LinkedIn]

Mechanic | Manager | Independent Sales Rep
A small manufacturing and retail business with 12 employees, R+E Cycles builds, sells and services custom bicycles. That means as the 'manager', I dealt with almost anything that was required to get done. From designing and building software for internal use to working directly with customers and even sweeping the floors, there are a myriad of tasks that are required to keep a small business running effectively.

Since I worked as a mechanic in various shops throughout my college years, that was always a favorite thing to do. Gaining extra knowledge in product design and development also meant that I rarely got to do it. But the rewards of seeing my designs become reality and then favorites of the customers was its own reward.

[Resume]

Mechanic | Manager | Independent Sales Rep
• Created and maintained custom software for the business including ordering, bicycle fitting, and custom bicycle design and tracking programs.
• Conceived, designed and created detailed specifications for new bicycle models that reflected the latest trends in bicycle technologies and designs.
• Worked with front end web technologies, including JavaScript, HTML, and CSS, to design and code the business website.
• Collaborated with customers to identify needs, requirements and expectations for custom built bicycles.

[Website]

Mechanic | Manager | Independent Sales Rep

A small manufacturing and retail business with 12 employees, R+E Cycles builds, sells and services custom bicycles. It is a true DIY environment that encourages employees to constantly evolve and challenge themselves. Over the years of my employment there this continuous learning kept the job involving and exciting.

During my time with R+E I have done all of the following. Learned CAD and all about bike design. Created software for the shop to help it control its internal processes and keep things rolling. Helped out improving and maintaining the business website. Worked with customers to create a bike that fulfills there needs. Followed industry trends and created new bicycle models that reflected them. And still kept working on bikes and updating knowledge and skills to deal with the latest components and standards.

============================================================

[LinkedIn]

Developer

I received thorough object oriented programming and design training and applied that to my work on several projects. I also coached several teams in object oriented design.

[Resume]

Developer
• Designed and developed tool for tracking and relating programming modules and components.
• Led the development team that maintained, customized and extended the tracking tool to meet the needs of the Y2K compliance team.
• Guided a number of teams in Object Oriented Design sessions to improve their projects.

[Website]

Developer

State Farm initially provided me with rigorous training in Object Oriented Design and Development using Smalltalk. Using that, along with the further education in HTML, Visual Studio, COM, XML and other technologies, I accomplished many things. Among them are the following. Designed and developed a tool for tracking and relating the programming modules and components in production at the company. Led the development team that customized this tool to track Y2K compliance for the company. Mentored several teams and individuals in Object Oriented Design to improve the quality of their projects.
